Lucy billion dollars I had a fight over
a 90 and a homer big faith is a bitch
for a teacher to Jerusalem a facility
that has equally servant of artists
include always positions knowledge and
equal parts personal knowledge or
Australia and face a bit of she he IV
now she she her RL he he memory is it
it's Elsa Peretti other judges in the
whatsit and you say wow it's a camera
what is it it's a camera after this we
go for another one and say wow what is
it
it's a puzzle it's a game voices no she
definitely is image in the video because
it one was it it's turtle it is one
turtle it is any turtle it's a turtle
for similar MO and all Muslims was it go
go go hi Malcolm X tau theta alpha ha
elders those occasions those survival
it's an elephant
it's another average it's fun elephants
very little sometimes say what's it it's
a chicken
it's a hey what is this it's a cheap
it's a hand Ruby's bonuses sir what is
it it's a zebra very good
what is it it's a zebra nice a moist and
tell me what is that it's his name for
me it says made very good well suppose
you go cuz it's not fine and let it go
it's I'll or it's fine but very good
it's fun out of us now tell me what is
it what is it it is very good it is a
cap and when was it was this this that
what is this what is that that's a big
that's one and two so say they are there
two V's de reina de vocês n so suppose
it Rebecca
heizaburo Lucia come come Besson
gramatica importance Mercado cynicism a
suta intimately dispatch knowledge evil
thing ha ha ha
you